---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /about/
---
Cloudless is a tool for interacting with cloud services in a straightforward,
but still powerful way.  It's intended for teams that want to deploy their own
services, but still don't want to have to go through the pain of setting
everything up themselves.

Read the [Welcome to Cloudless]({% post_url 2018-09-05-welcome-to-cloudless %})
blog post for a good introduction to what Cloudless is and why it exists.

See the [Documentation](https://docs.getcloudless.com/) for how to get started,
and follow along with the [Github
Repo](https://github.com/getcloudless/cloudless) to stay up to date on current
development.

You can also send an email to [info@getcloudless.com](info@getcloudless.com) or
[subscribe](/#subscribe-for-updates) to stay in touch.

## The Team

{% include bio-picture.html file="/assets/images/sverch.jpg" alt="sverch in san francisco bio picture" %}

**Shaun Verch (Founder)**

Hi, I'm [@sverch](https://github.com/sverch)!  I'm a Site Reliability Engineer
who has built cloud infrastructure in a wide range of organizations: from a 15
person startup to the world's largest employer.  I started Cloudless in 2018 to
make it harder for humans to make harmful mistakes in software.  I'm passionate
about open source and about making it easier for people to develop robust, cloud
agnostic infrastructure solutions.

{% include bio-picture.html
   file="/assets/images/sswanke-cropped.jpg"
   alt="Sarah Swanke by the ocean bio picture" %}

**Sarah Swanke (Advisor)**

Hi, I'm [@jankyswanky](https://github.com/jankyswanky)!  I'm a Product Manager
and data nerd who's launched 3 successful products from the ground up, which are
used by ~6.75 million people. I'm good with data, teasing out user problems, and
asking lots of questions. I joined Cloudless because I have a passion for open
source and making it easier for people to build things that help other people.

{% include bio-picture.html
   file="/assets/images/jisaacso.jpg"
   alt="Joe Isaacson headshot picture" %}

**Joe Isaacson (Advisor)**

Hi, I'm [@jisaacso](https://github.com/jisaacso)!  I'm the VP of Engineering at
Asimov, a startup in Cambridge, MA that programs living cells to develop
previously impossible biotechnologies.  Prior to Asimov, I managed machine
learning teams at Quora and at URX (acquired by Pinterest).
